The figure shows a cable system. On the left is an antenna with the words antenna site beside it. A lightning bolt WAN connection connects the antenna to a building. Beside the WAN connection are the words transportation system. The building is labeled headend. The building connects to a series of home connections and terminates at the end of a particular house. The cable that connects from the headend building to each of the homes is labeled trunk. Each house has a connection that leads from the trunk line to the house. That connection is labeled amplifier. The connection from an amplifier to a house is labeled distribution cable (feeder). The home is labeled subscriber drop cable. Each labeled item has a plus sign that provides additional information. The following are the additional textboxes: Antenna Site - The location of an antenna site is chosen for optimum reception of over-the-air, satellite, and sometimes point-to-point signals. The main receiving antennas and satellite dishes are located at the antenna site. Transportation Network – A transportation network links a remote antenna site to a headend or a remote headend to the distribution network. The transportation network can be microwave, coaxial supertrunk, or fiber optic. Headend – This is where signals are first received, processed, formatted, and then distributed downstream to the cable network. The headend facility is usually unmanned, under security fencing, and is similar to a telephone company central office. Amplifier – In a classic cable system called a tree-and-branch cable system, the distribution network consists of trunk and feeder cables. The trunk is the backbone that distributes signals throughout the community service area to the feeder and typically uses 0.750 inch (19 mm) diameter coaxial cable. The feeder branches flow from a trunk and reach all of the subscribers in the service area via coaxial cables. The feeder cable is usually a 0.50 inch (13 mm) diameter coaxial cable. Subscriber Drop – A subscriber drop connects the subscriber to the cable services. The subscriber drop is a connection between the feeder part of a distribution network and the subscriber terminal device (for example, TV set, Blu-ray players, High Definition TV set-top box, or cable modem). A subscriber drop consists of radio grade (RG) coaxial cabling (usually 59-series or 6-series coaxial cable), grounding and attachment hardware, passive devices, and a set-top box.