Part 1:     Compare Layer 2 and Layer 3 Switches


a.Examine the physical aspects of D1 and ASw-1.

Each individual switch has how many physical interfaces? 
-6

How many Fast Ethernet and Gigabit Ethernet interfaces does each switch have?
-24 fast ethernet and 2 gigabits ethernet

List the transmission speed of the Fast Ethernet and Gigabit Ethernet interfaces on each switch.
-the fast ethernet have a speed of 10/100 Mb/sec and Gigabit ethernet have the spee of woping 1000 Mb/sec 

Are either of the two switches modular in design?
-yes because either of the two can be upgraded.



b.The interface of a 3560 switch can be configured as a Layer 3 interface by entering the no switchport
command in interface configuration mode. This allows technicians to assign an IP address and subnet mask 
to the interface the same way it is configured on a router’s interface.

What is the difference between a Layer 2 switch and a Layer 3 switch?
-layer 2 switch makes forwarding decisions based on layer 2 Mac addresses. the layer 3 switches can be configured

What is the difference between a switch’s physical interface and the VLAN interface?
- a switch physical interface is used to connect physically enc devices while the vlan is used to connect ip addresses

On which layers do 2960 and 3560 switches operate?
-2960 operates layer 2 and 3560 operates layer 2 and 3

Issue the show run command to examine the configurations of the D1 and ASw-1 switches. Do you notice 
any differences between them?
-yes, D1's G0/1 and G0/2 interfaces dont have a swithcport command and show the ip address and subnet mask configured

Display the routing table on both switches using the show ip route command. 
Why do you think the command does not work on ASW-1, but works on D1?
-It works on D1 because it functions on Layers 2 and 3, which allows it to function as a Layer 2 
switch but at the same time, allows it to route packets and make forwarding decisions based on Layer 3 
information (IP addresses) that conventional switches cannot.


Part 2:     Compare a Layer 3 Switch and a Router

a.Up until recently, switches and routers have been separate and distinct devices. The term switch was set aside for 
hardware devices that function at Layer 2. Routers, on the other hand, are devices that make forwarding decisions based
on Layer 3 information. They use routing protocols to share routing information and to communicate with other routers.
Layer 3 switches, such as the 3560, can be configured to forward Layer 3 packets. Entering the ip routing command in 
global configuration mode allows Layer 3 switches to be configured with routing protocols, thereby possessing some of
the same capabilities as a router. Although similar in some forms, switches are different than in many other aspects.

Open the Physical tab on D1 and R1. Do you notice any similarities between the two?
Do you notice any differences between the two?
-They both have a console port and both two Gigabit Ethernet interfaces. 
R1 is modular and can add various interfaces while D1 has only fixed interfaces. 
R1 has Serial and Asynchronous interfaces while D1 only has Ethernet interfaces. 
D1 can only use copper cables while R1 can use various connection types.

Issue the show run command and examine the configurations of R1 and D1.
What differences do you see between the two?
-R1 and D1 have the same IP addresses configured on them but on different interfaces. 
In order for the switch port to be assigned an IP address, technicians will have to issue 
the no switchport command.

Which command allows D1 to configure an IP address on one of its physical interfaces?
-The no switchport command.

Use the show ip route command on both devices. Do you see any similarities
or differences between the two tables?
-The codes are the same except the router has an L code for local.
This is a link that is configured on the physical interface of R1, 
while the switch does not have it. Both devices display the same 
networks in their routing tables.

Now, analyze the routing table of R2 and D2. 
What is evident now that was not in the configuration of R1 and D1?
-They both have EIGRP configured and both are learning networks from one another.


b.     Verify that each topology has full connectivity by completing the following tests:

·         Ping from PC1 to PC2
·         Ping from PC3 to PC4
·         Ping from PC5 to PC6

In all three examples, each PC is on a different network.
Which device is used to provide communication between networks?
-Router or multilayer switch.

Why were we able to ping across networks without there being a router?
-A multilayer switch can route between networks as long as it is configured with an IP 
address and has IP routing enabled. IP routing must also be enabled if you plan to run
routing protocols such as EIGRP on the switch. The no switchport command must be enabled
on the interface in order to assign an IP address and subnet mask on the switch’s physical interface.